First things first, from the desired outcome page, we can see that we have 3 
different sections:
    One for the header.
    One for the main content in the center.
    One for the footer.

Because of that, I added the sidebars and class cards into a new div
called content.

First things first, I added in the css file a flex display with flex direction
to column to the body, to separate the header, content and footer.

The main content box will have a flex display with flex:1, so that it 
spreads, which will make the header stay on top and the footer on bottom.

I also added a container for just the cards, because from the resolution
it seems that there is one. That container wil also have a column flex-
direction.
For that container I added a padding to separate the cards from the 
border and also a gap between the cards.

For the cards themselves, I added a max height (fit-content) so 
that they don't stretch all the way down because of the flex: 1
display for the content box. I also added some padding.

We can see that the sidebar is getting flattened by the card content box.
Because of that, I added a minimum width of 300px to it, since it's
not suppoed to shrink in any way according to the readme.

Before fixing the card layout, I fixed the sidebar items.
I removed the bullet points from the unorded list.
I removed the link underline.
Added white color for the text.
24px for text size.
Organized the ul in a flex column and aligned items to the left.
Added a bottom margin for the list items.
Removed ul padding and margin to properly place the items.
Added sidebar padding.

Now to fix the header.
Adjusted font size and weight.
MAde a flex display for the header so that we can properly center the text.
Added left-padding of 16px to move the text right.

Now the footer.
All we needed to do was make a flex display and center everything.

To fix the way the cards are supposed to look, I removed the mas height
with the purpose of them all fully fitting inside the container.
What I did instead was set a width to the cards and then add a flex-wrap
to their container. To add the flex-wrap, I added the flex display 
to the card container.

